[Music]
careful I had my appendix out last year
it's the funniest comedy since laughter
began of a life who spent the summer
away and the husband who stayed on to
play and play and play because now I'm
going to take you in my arms and kiss
you very quickly and very hard with
Marilyn Monroe soaring to new heights as
the screams most lovable laugh gather a
married man and champagne and potato
chips it's just a wonderful party a mule
who created the original role on
Broadway
Evelyn Keyes Sonny Thomas Robert Strauss
this is what they call classical music
isn't it yes I could tell because
there's not welcome Shh
don't talk let it sweep over you relax
go limp thank you
I've been married for seven years and
I'm afraid I'm coming down with what you
and dr. stipple call the seven-year itch
what am I going to do if something each
is my dear sir the natural tendencies to
scratch I scratched last night there was
this young lady but this dance isn't
that silly
what's very easy I just pulled out the
nails oh it's perfectly safe nobody
would ever find out well where she likes
me
[Music]
[Applause]